  # Express.js Note Taking App

  ## Description

  This application was built using Express.js, along with the basics: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Nodejs, and a package called uuid. It is a simple note-taking app that stores user data  in a json file and runs on a local server. This app is intended to help busy people keep their days organized as they work. The user is able to delete notes once they finish the task, which deletes said note from the json file using an id generated by the uuid package. 

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  <a name="installation"></a>
  ## Installation 

  The user does not need to install this application unless they want to run it on their own local server. For those looking to install it locally, make sure you have node.js installed, clone the code on my GitHub repository, and run npm i in the terminal. Then run node server.js to run your own server, and use the link in the console to open up the application.

  <a name="usage"></a>
  ## Usage

  Click the live url link and click the 'Get Started' button, which will lead you to a notes page. Simply add a new note in the righthand column and click the save button at the top right to see it appear on the lefthand column as a saved note. To view a note, click on it. To delete a note, click the trash button.  

  <a name="tests"></a>
  ## Tests

  None.

  <a name="questions"></a>
  ## Questions

  Link to Live Application [here](https://take-some-notes-123.herokuapp.com/)

  Link to my GitHub Profile [here](https://github.com/IndigoFobes)

  For more questions, email me at indigo.crandell@gmail.com.
